Explain why functions returns extra information with tuples (#12824)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/getting-started/lists-and-tuples.md

> If the path given to `File.read/1` exists, it returns a tuple with the atom `:ok` as the first element and the file contents as the second. Otherwise, it returns a tuple with `:error` and the error description.
> 
> `File.read/1` returns a tuple, not a list, because there it contains always two values and there is no need to update the returned result. Returning a list instead would not bring any advantages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the path given to `File.read/1` exists, it returns a tuple with the atom `:ok` as the first element and the file contents as the second. Otherwise, it returns a tuple with `:error` and the error description. `File.read/1` returns a tuple, not a list, because it always contains two values. As we will soon learn, Elixir allows us to _pattern match_ on such shapes. Returning a list would not bring any advantages.
```
